Pretrained documentation update (#32)
vanvalenlab/intro-to-deepcell: pretrained_models/README.md

  * Deepcell.org
  * FIJI/ImageJ Plugin
* [Running pre-trained models locally](#running-pre-trained-models-locally)
  * Jupyter Notebook
  * Runnable docker image
  * Multiplexed imaging analysis pipeline

## Formatting data for pre-trained models

Each of the models we host has slightly different requirements for input data. Please identify which of the following models you will be using, and make sure your data is formatted appropriately.

### Multiplex segmentation model

The multiplex model performs whole-cell segmentation of tissue imaging data. The input to the model is two-channel images. The first channel must be a nuclear channel (such as DAPI). The second channel must be a membrane or cytoplasmic channel (such as E-Cadherin).  

<table width="700" border="1" cellpadding="5">

<tr>
<td align="center" valign="center">
Input Data
</td>

<td align="center" valign="center">
Model Predictions
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td align="center" valign="center">
<img src=resources/multiplex_model_input.png alt="Input Data" />
</td>

<td align="center" valign="center">
<img src=resources/multiplex_model_output.png alt="Model Predictions" />
</td>
</tr>

</table>

### Nuclear segmentation model

> The nuclear segmentation model performs nuclear segmentation of cell culture images. The input to the model is a single channel nuclear image (such as DAPI).

Reviewer: single-channel should be hyphenated.

4. Once complete, you can download the results, and then process additional images.  

![image](resources/DeepCell_website_download.png)

### Generating predictions with ImageJ

The ImageJ plugin provides an easy interface to access our pre-trained deep learning models. Data is automatically uploaded to our server, processed, and then returned within ImageJ.

Before getting started, make sure you understand [the available models and data formatting requirements](#formatting-data-for-pre-trained-models).

#### Installation

To install the ImageJ plugin, follow the [instructions](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/kiosk-imageJ-plugin#how-to-install).

#### Generate predictions

To generate predictions using the plugin, follow the [instructions](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/kiosk-imageJ-plugin#how-to-run-the-plugin).

## Running pre-trained models locally

Although cloud-based deployments are convenient and lower the barrier to entry for new labs, the degree of customization and throughput is limited compared to running the models locally. For users with large volumes of imaging data or specific requirements, we have also made our models available to be run locally or via a cluster. 

> ### Jupyter notebook
> The [deepcell-tf application](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-tf/tree/master/notebooks/applications) notebooks provide an easy interface to run our pre-trained models. Please follow the instructions in the [deepcell-tf ReadMe](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-tf/blob/master/README.md) to set up the repository, then select the application notebook that corresponds best to your specific use case. 
> 
> ### Runnable docker image
> For users who want to integrate one of our models with an existing image analysis workflow, we created a runnable Docker image that can be directly called from the command line as part of a larger workflow. See the [ReadMe](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-applications/blob/master/README.md) for instructions on getting started
> 
> ### Multiplex image analysis pipeline
> For users who are specifically interested in analyzing multiplexed image data, our collaborators at the Angelo Lab have set up their own analysis pipeline which uses the DeepCell ecosystem for cell segmentation. See their [ReadMe](https://github.com/angelolab/ark-analysis) for instructions on getting started

Reviewer 2: White space, punctuation, and a personal all-caps preference for README.

```suggestion
### Jupyter notebook

The [deepcell-tf application](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-tf/tree/master/notebooks/applications) notebooks provide an easy interface to run our pre-trained models. Please follow the instructions in the [deepcell-tf README](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-tf/blob/master/README.md) to set up the repository, then select the application notebook that corresponds best to your specific use case. 

### Runnable docker image

For users who want to integrate one of our models with an existing image analysis workflow, we created a runnable Docker image that can be directly called from the command line as part of a larger workflow. See the [README](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-applications/blob/master/README.md) for instructions on getting started.

### Multiplex image analysis pipeline

For users who are specifically interested in analyzing multiplexed image data, our collaborators at the Angelo Lab have set up their own analysis pipeline which uses the DeepCell ecosystem for cell segmentation. See their [README](https://github.com/angelolab/ark-analysis) for instructions on getting started.
```

Reviewer: Do we need "Runnable docker image"? Should it just be "Docker Image"
Docker should probably be capitalized either way.

Author: Maybe executable docker image? The thing I was trying to communicate was the difference between the docker for deepcell-tf, which launches a jupyter notebook, and this docker, which is used as a command-line tool to directly run the model. Open to suggestions, or if we should just change it to docker.

Reviewer 2: Agree on the capitalization.

Technically, it's almost the same docker image with a different CMD. The thing we want to highlight is that `deepcell` can explore and interact with data via Jupyter or as a code-driven programmable stage in a greater pipeline..

# Running pre-trained models

Deep learning models require large volumes of training data in order to perform well. Not all labs have the necessary datasets or expertise to train their own model for each experiment. We have created a suite of high-quality, pre-trained deep learning models that can be applied out of the box to different types of biological image data. Each model is designed for a specific task, including tissue imaging, cell culture, and tracking. 

We have provided a range of options to access these models. Please see below for a description of each model, as well as the different ways each can be used to analyze your data. 

## Table of Contents

* [Formatting data for pre-trained models](#formatting-data-for-pre-trained-models)
  * Multiplex segmentation model
  * Nuclear segmentation model
* [Running pre-trained models in the cloud](#running-pre-trained-models-in-the-cloud)
  * Deepcell.org
  * FIJI/ImageJ Plugin
* [Running pre-trained models locally](#running-pre-trained-models-locally)
  * Jupyter Notebook

>   * Runnable docker image

Author: ```suggestion
  * Command line Docker image
```

#### Installation

To install the ImageJ plugin, follow the [instructions](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/kiosk-imageJ-plugin#how-to-install).

#### Generate predictions

To generate predictions using the plugin, follow the [instructions](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/kiosk-imageJ-plugin#how-to-run-the-plugin).

## Running pre-trained models locally

Although cloud-based deployments are convenient and lower the barrier to entry for new labs, the degree of customization and throughput is limited compared to running the models locally. For users with large volumes of imaging data or specific requirements, we have also made our models available to be run locally or via a cluster. 

### Jupyter notebook

The [deepcell-tf application](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-tf/tree/master/notebooks/applications) notebooks provide an easy interface to run our pre-trained models. Please follow the instructions in the [deepcell-tf README](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-tf/blob/master/README.md) to set up the repository, then select the application notebook that corresponds best to your specific use case. 

> ### Runnable docker image

Author: ```suggestion
### Command line Docker image
```

# Running pre-trained models

> Deep learning models require large volumes of training data in order to perform well. Not all labs have the necessary datasets or expertise to train their own model for each experiment. We have created a suite of high-quality, pre-trained deep learning mdoels which can be applied out of the box to different types of biological image data. Each model is designed for a specific task, including tissue imaging, cell culture, and tracking. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deep learning models require large volumes of training data in order to perform well. Not all labs have the necessary datasets or expertise to train their own model for each experiment. We have created a suite of high-quality, pre-trained deep learning models that can be applied out of the box to different types of biological image data. Each model is designed for a specific task, including tissue imaging, cell culture, and tracking. 
```

> We have proivded a range of options to access these models. Please see below for a description of each model, as well as the different ways each can be used to analyze your data. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have provided a range of options to access these models. Please see below for a description of each model, as well as the different ways each can be used to analyze your data. 
```

</table>

## Running pretrained models in the cloud

> Deep learning models perform best when run on GPU hardware. However, having every lab purchase their own GPU is not reasonable or efficient. To help make it as easy as possible to run our deep learning models, we have created a number of different options for using our cloud-based servers to analyze data. This makes it easy for anyone to submit their images to be analyzed, without needing to worry about installing any complicated software or purchase any expensive hardware.

Reviewer: "accelerated hardware (like GPUs)" instead of "GPU hardware."
Might also change it so that it reads, "not every lab has the resources or desire to purchase and manage their own GPU-enabled workstations"

> Deep learning models perform best when run on accelrated hardware, such as GPUs. However, not every lab has the resources or desire to purchase and manage their own GPU-enabled workstations. To help make it as easy as possible to run our deep learning models, we have created a number of different options for using our cloud-based servers to analyze data. This makes it easy for anyone to submit their images to be analyzed, without needing to worry about installing any complicated software or purchase any expensive hardware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deep learning models perform best when run on accelerated hardware, such as GPUs. However, not every lab has the resources or desire to purchase and manage their own GPU-enabled workstations. To help make it as easy as possible to run our deep learning models, we have created a number of different options for using our cloud-based servers to analyze data. This makes it easy for anyone to submit their images to be analyzed, without needing to worry about installing any complicated software or purchase any expensive hardware.
```

> To faciliate this, we created the [Kiosk](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/kiosk-console). DeepCell Kiosk provides an efficient and scalable way to analyze large volumes of data using cloud computing. By automatically adjusting resources based on usage, the Kiosk is able to quickly deliver results for large numbers of images when demand increases, while reducing costs by downscaling when demand decreases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To facilitate this, we created the [Kiosk](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/kiosk-console). DeepCell Kiosk provides an efficient and scalable way to analyze large volumes of data using cloud computing. By automatically adjusting resources based on usage, the Kiosk is able to quickly deliver results for large numbers of images when demand increases, while reducing costs by downscaling when demand decreases.
```

![image](resources/DeepCell_website_download.png)

### Generating predictions with ImageJ

The ImageJ plugin provides an easy interface to access our pre-trained deep learning models. Data is automatically uploaded to our server, processed, and then returned within ImageJ.

Before getting started, make sure you understand [the available models and data formatting requirements](#formatting-data-for-pre-trained-models).

#### Installation

To install the ImageJ plugin, follow the [instructions](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/kiosk-imageJ-plugin#how-to-install).

#### Generate predictions

To generate predictions using the plugin, follow the [instructions](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/kiosk-imageJ-plugin#how-to-run-the-plugin).

## Running pre-trained models locally

> Although cloud-based deployments are convenient and lower the barrier to entry for new labs, the degree of customization and throughput are limited compared to running the models locally. For users with large volumes of imaging data or specific requirements, we have also made our models available to be run locally or via a cluster. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although cloud-based deployments are convenient and lower the barrier to entry for new labs, the degree of customization and throughput is limited compared to running the models locally. For users with large volumes of imaging data or specific requirements, we have also made our models available to be run locally or via a cluster. 
```

### Jupyter notebook
The [deepcell-tf application](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-tf/tree/master/notebooks/applications) notebooks provide an easy interface to run our pre-trained models. Please follow the instructions in the [deepcell-tf ReadMe](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-tf/blob/master/README.md) to set up the repository, then select the application notebook that corresponds best to your specific use case. 

### Runnable docker image

> For users who want to integrate one of our models with an existing image analysis workflow, we created a runnable docker image that can be directly called from the command line as part of a larger workflow. See the [ReadMe](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-applications/blob/master/README.md) for instructions on getting started

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For users who want to integrate one of our models with an existing image analysis workflow, we created a runnable Docker image that can be directly called from the command line as part of a larger workflow. See the [ReadMe](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-applications/blob/master/README.md) for instructions on getting started
```
